.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH NINVADERS 6 "July 21, 2002"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ninvaders \- ncurses version of space invaders
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ninvaders
.SH DESCRIPTION
In short, this is a space invaders game written for the ncurses terminal
control library.  It uses ASCII art to draw everything, and you can play it
just about anywhere.  Space Invaders over dialup!
.PP
To play the game, simply run the program.  You will be placed in the game
arena with a large block of aliens.  To move your gun pod (at the bottom of
the screen) use the left and right arrow keys.  To shoot, press space.  You
can move faster if you hold the arrow keys down.
.PP
The object of the game is to shoot all the aliens (the multi-coloured moving
things) before they reach the ground.  Since these aliens aren't friendly
(which is why you're trying to stop them) they will shoot back.  Dodge the
descending bullets or hang about under the large stationary blocks for
cover.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Matthew Palmer <mpalmer@debian.org>.
.PP
The ninvaders program was written by Thomas Dettbarn
<dettus@matrixx-bielefeld.de> and is released under the GPL.
